add codeberg (#5)
cornelius/awesome-open-source: README.md

* [Scaling from 2,000 to 25,000 engineers on GitHub at Microsoft](https://jeffwilcox.blog/2019/06/scaling-25k/) - Detailed report about how to scale an organization on GitHub with pointers to tools and best practices
* [GitLab](https://gitlab.com) - Code hosting site whose code is available as open source under an open core model
* [Savannah](https://savannah.gnu.org/) - Code hosting site for the GNU project and other free software projects

> * [Codeberg](https://codeberg.org/) - collaboration platform and Git hosting for Free and Open Source Software, content and projects

Reviewer: Thanks for the addition.

I would like to change the description a bit to make it clearer what distinguishes Codeberg from other platforms:

```suggestion
* [Codeberg](https://codeberg.org/) - Code hosting platform for Free and Open Source Software run by a non-profit community as alternative to commercial platforms
```

Author: cool.. i like it
